feat(java): Add docs for user feedback (#2641)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/enriching-events/user-feedback.mdx

---
title: "User Feedback"
sidebar_order: 105

> description: "Learn more about the user feedback API, which gives you the possibility to collect user information when an event occurs. Sentry pairs the feedback with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the user feedback API, which provides the ability to collect user information when an event occurs. Sentry pairs the feedback with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues."
```

---

> The user feedback API gives you the possibility to collect user information when an event occurs. Sentry pairs the feedback with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user feedback API provides the ability to collect user information when an event occurs. Sentry pairs the feedback with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues.
```
